Dearest Mamo,
There's so much
tension right now.
Haruka and Taiki
won't let me see
Seiya. They don't
want me to get
involved with him.
But I know we
could come to an
understanding
if we could just
talk things out.
I'm sure Seiya
would agree with me.
All right... Why did
you all call us here?
Oh? You seem unfazed.
We've had our
suspicions for a
while.
Our mission is to
defend the solar system
from outside threats.
And keep our princess
safe.
So, stay away from
Usagi Tsukino.
That goes for
Sailor Moon, too.
We planned to do that
anyway. She's been
causing too many
problems for us.
But we might use her
if we think it'll
help accomplish
our own mission.
Did you not get it
the first time?
We're telling you
to stay out of her
life!
We understood. But
that doesn't mean
we'll listen.
That's enough!
Stop it! We have no
reason to fight!
[groaning]
Seiya!
You still need to
rest!
[grunting]
We accept your terms.
I won't see
Bun-head, or Sailor
Moon ever again.
Truth Revealed: The
Star Lights' Past!
[gasping]
Bun-head!
[screaming]
[grunting]
Seiya!
Please, wake up!
(thinking)
It's all my fault.
I hope he's okay.
[sighing]
Oh! I almost forgot!
They've got new
cakes over at Crown
now, don't they?
Huh?
[hinting]
Oh, that's right! You
wanna check it out,
Usagi?
Mm-hm.
Mmm.
But homemade cakes
are better, right
Mako?
Uh--
Yeah, definitely! You
want me to swing by
your house and bake
you a cake, Usagi?
I've got the time.
Mm-hm.
[groaning]
You okay?
Mm-hm.
[sighing]
[groaning]
Hey, Usagi!
Huh?
[panting]
Quick, call this
number!
Huh?
It's where the
Three Lights are
currently doing
their rehearsal for
tonight's concert!
Uh--
Seiya might answer.
Aren't you curious?
[lighting gasping]
Oh, wow! Thank you!
[giggling]
Nice one.
Just Leave it to me!
My vast network of
sources would even
put a group like the
DNA to shame!
I think you mean the
CIA, not the DNA.
[giggling]
Whoops!
[sighing]
[phone ringing]
[gasping]
Hello?
Umm, how's
Seiya?
He's doing fine.
Not that it's any
of your business or
anything.
Look, I just, I
wanna apologize to
Seiya in person.
But he hasn't been
back to school since...
Um, is it all
right if I stop by?
You won't be able
to see him.
[gasping]
Seiya said he won't
see you anymore, so
give it up!
What...?
I mean, can
you blame him?!
He almost got
killed because of you!
I know! And
that's why--
It's too late now!
[gasping]
It's for
the best.
[dial tone beeping]
So they wouldn't
let you see him, huh?
No.
Hey! Come on, Usagi!
Cheer up!
Hm.
I'm sure you'll see
him again!
Not likely.
[gasping]
That's right. Seiya
told us he won't
see you.
[gasping]
Seiya said he won't
see you anymore, so
give it up!
[panting]
You saw him,
didn't you?
Yeah.
What did you say to
those three?!
Listen, Usagi, it's
better for you not to
get involved with them.
You told them not
to see me.
How could you all do
that?
Usagi.
I haven't had a
chance to talk things
out with him.
Stop deciding things
for me. I'm sick of it!
Just mind your own
business!
[gasping]
I'm so sorry.
Look, I've already
told you before...
They're trespassers
from outside of the
solar system.
I know that! But
they're Sailor Guardians
just like us!
So are our enemies.
[sighing]
Usagi. This is a war
between Sailor
Guardians.
We must be careful
of who we trust!
Yes. To guarantee
our planet's safety,
we can't rely on
anyone but ourselves.
Please, understand.
Yeah... But,
Seiya's still
Seiya.
How can you build
trust with someone
without trying to
reach out to them?!
[sobbing]
Wait!
[humming]
Hm?
What's with that
scary look?
So, you find the next
target yet?
Don't get in
my way again!
Look, I didn't do
it 'cause I wanted
to. It caused me to
end up working
overtime.
[blowing]
I was only trying to
help you out a bit,
ya know.
Excuse me?!
[chuckling]
Well, good luck out
there!
(thinking)
I'll find the true
Star Seed this time,
just you watch!
Hm?
Come to think of
it... Siren loved
amusement parks.
There. My next
target.
You okay?
[weakly grunting]
Tell me. Am I
wrong, Luna?
No. I don't think
that you're wrong
about any of it.
But please try to
understand where
Haruka's coming from.
I don't want you to
forget your duties as
a Sailor Guardian.
Yeah. I know. I
won't see Seiya
anymore.
[phone ringing]
Huh?
Uh!
Hello?
Our concert's
tonight at
Megalopolis.
Pay attention
to my song.
Seiya?!
[dial tone beeping]
(thinking)
I wanna tell you
everything, Bun-head.
So, please come.
Who was it, Usagi?
Was it Seiya?
Yeah, he wants me at
his concert.
Mm.
Hm.
You should go.
Huh?!
Hm!
Oh, thank you, Luna!
Where were you?
The restroom.
[grunting]
Seiya, are you
all right?
I'm fine. This is
nothing.
You know, if you're
not feeling well,
then we cancel.
No, we can't! I'm
fine. Really.
If you say so. Just
don't push yourself
too hard, okay?
[agreeing]
[chatting and giggling]
The tickets are
sold out.
Oh no. It's
about to start soon.
Huh?
[smiling]
[cheering]
♪♪♪♪Search for your love♪♪♪♪
(thinking)
Bun-head. Are you out
there listening, or--
Hm?
[gasping]
[giggling] This is
the best seat in the
whole house!
I'm such a genius!
Wow! It's like
Seiya's looking
right at me!
♪♪As each day turns
to night, I search for
a shooting star ♪♪
♪♪And when I catch
the light, my heart
knows what to do ♪♪
♪♪And so I make a wish to be with
you ♪♪
♪♪You're my eternal
starlight♪♪
(thinking)
His singing today is
different from usual.
What's this
sensation? My heart
feels heavy...
It's starting to choke
up with sadness.
[gasping]
What?!
You see this,
Bun-head?
[gasping]
What you're looking
at is Galaxia's
doing.
She's trying to
destroy every planet
in every known galaxy!
No way!
Her goal is to obtain
the true Star Seeds,
which are the
energy of the stars.
When she gathers them
all, she'll have
control over the
whole galaxy.
[laughing]
Unfortunately, she
destroyed our planet,
too.
But our final
hope, our princess,
managed to
escape Galaxia's evil
grasp and made her
way down to Earth.
We followed soon
after... and
eventually came to
this remote planet
to find her.
Is this your
princess?
My heart is filling
with love... it's
such a warm light.
[gasping]
[cheering]
♪♪Just answer me♪♪
♪♪Answer for me♪♪
♪♪I need you to♪♪
(thinking)
Did my message reach
you, Bun-head?
[gasping]
Seiya!
Seiya collapsed?!
This is bad.
[panting]
Are you the general
manager, Shino Takeo?
Yes, that's
right. And you?
My name's Karasuma.
I'm from Ginga TV.
Look, I don't
have time for
this right now.
[chuckling]
(thinking)
Sorry, Siren. I'll have
to skip the formalities.
[yelling]
What the--?!
[laughing] Ha!
[grunting]
Uh?!
[screaming]
Ahhh...
Not again!
[groaning]
Sailor Amuse!
[worried chatting]
Uh!
Seiya?!
What? But he
was just here!
I won't see
Bun-head, or Sailor
Moon ever again.
[grunting]
I've gotta...
see her.
[gasping]
Seiya!
Hey, Bun-head.
[struggling]
[gasping]
Are you all right?!
[screaming]
[grunting]
What?!
Look here! I've got
balloons!
A Phage!
Damn! Galaxia found
her way to this
place, too!
[gasping]
[struggling]
You can't fight
right now! Just leave
it to me!
[grunting]
Moon Eternal Make Up!
Amu?
Amusement parks are
meant to be fun! How
dare you attack
people who come here
to have a good time!
I am the Pretty
Guardian!
Who fights for
love and for justice!
I am Sailor Moon!
And, in the name
of the Moon, I'll
punish you!
Lookie! I've got
balloons! Lots of
colors!
Ah!
[screaming]
[grunting]
[struggling]
I've got long
balloons and even
ones with ears!
Check 'em out!
[gasping]
[grunting]
Now, tell me which
color you'd like to
have next.
(thinking)
I can't let Seiya
die here!
[laughing]
Protected by Uranus,
the Planet of the
Heavens, I am Sailor
Uranus, Guardian of
Flight!
Protected by Neptune,
the Planet of the
Deep Sea, I am Sailor
Neptune, Guardian of
Embracement!
Protected by Pluto,
the Planet of
Space-Time, I am
Sailor Pluto,
Guardian of
Revolution!
We are the Three
Guardians of the
Outer Planets
and we are
here... to fight!
Uh!
Still lots more where
that came from!
Deep Submerge!
You looked like you
needed some help.
Thanks you guys! You
really saved us
there!
Don't get the wrong
idea. We didn't come
to save him.
He's about to
attack.
I've got something
for you! See? It's
a giant red balloon!
Space Sword
Blaster!
Huh?
[groaning]
Sailor Moon!
It's your turn!
Right!
Silver Moon!
Crystal Power
Kiss!
[screaming]
Beautiful!
You made a promise
that you wouldn't see
here anymore.
She was the one who
came to see Seiya!
He's right!
It's my fault--
Anyway. We'll
protect this planet
by ourselves!
Don't try
to interfere.
Oh, don't you worry.
We have much better
things to do. Bye.
Bun-head!
Huh?
Thanks a lot for
today.
Seiya!
Mm.
[sad whimpering]
I had no idea the
Star Lights' planet
was destroyed like that.
I'm sure Taiki and
Yaten will come
around, so cheer up.
Oh, Ami. I can't even
fight anymore while
feeling this way.
We all need to keep
trying our hardest,
especially now.
Please, Taiki. Listen
to me!
Next time on Sailor
Stars, Butterflies of
Light:
A New Chapter
on the Horizon.
The moonlight is a
messenger of love.